with you the company led the reef my name is
novel
today I would like to tell you was
attachments that is with red
group which is installed on the mountain
bikes on the example of kellys bikes
wearing a iglonosa means and stars
front backdrop well and their corresponding
support that move
thereby changing the relationship while driving
how do they differ with each from
cheap analogues are often here
still affects the quality of materials
remember here and say for be
low price bike group
everything seems to be on the one hand
the same well it's just at first sight
let's say distinguishes them better
materials that is used more
light components and all parts already
performed by the casting method let's say they
punching punching more is done too
on cheap groups but cast it more
Exactly this is all every detail we
switches she departure already
appropriate form due to this
it turns out the switch is very hard
very durable even when meshed
highly
collapse also distinguishes ie it is
concerns the whole group
front derailleur rear and
Respectively, the coin is switching
on expensive bike adventures but
softer very supple ie you
you can immediately demand to switch there
at 3 4 speeds instantly demand is very
soft should all these components mean
from famous brand shimano doing on
the news let's say the shaman has 9 at all
class that is every first 3 cube in this
for a beginner, that is, who does not need much
often does not ride very often
bikes they need to go there three
four times a year it will be him
there is not enough to buy
expensive cutting but when you go to
live venturi advanced you want
getting more let's say adrenaline something
there is to not seize anything to
everything worked like a clock there will of course be
preferably you springs more expensive
no rest it works best quality then
there is it can be compared as for example there
here is the box mechanic box automatic
there is
or how best to say box in Russian
cars in russian car and box on
American whether there is any foreign
cars meaning there will be a difference
colossal that is if the profit knows
learn how to return teasing you
understand the beauty of say dear
connect they just work
flawlessly everything is done as if on
tested
here it is to teach him the penultimate group
out of nine let's say it is above only dexter
actually and therefore the price fluctuates
us cheap groups she is alone on expensive
she is very tall often
only one miss cannot be the other way round
cost like a good mountain bike
here is how all
would not talk
mountain bike brakes
there are two kinds of it here so ordinary
called vibrik that is